Privacy Policy

Sense360 (https://sense360.com/)

We use Sense360, a third party technology provider, to help us better understand how our users use Device Control and their devices. Device Control sends raw sensor data generated by your device to Sense360. This sensor data may include information from GPS receivers, accelerometers, gyroscopes, and other sensors, which may allow Sense360 to determine, for example, your device’s location, acceleration, and orientation. Sense360 may use this data to send us analytic reports regarding how our users are using Device Control and their devices, or for other purposes. To learn more, please visit Sense360’s privacy policy, available at http://sense360.com/privacy-policy.html.
    
PollFish Survey Serving Technology (https://www.pollfish.com/)

Survey Serving Technology

This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, Pollfish detects whether the user has enabled his Device’s interest-based-ads settings (Advertising ID for Android/Advertising Identifier for iOS). If not, Pollfish does not proceed to any action and cannot offer any survey to the user or collect any of his/her Data. If the user has enabled such settings, a specific set of user’s device data and response meta-data is automatically sent to Pollfish servers. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires. By downloading the application you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by (a) enabling the “opt out of interest-based advertising” in your device Settings area or by (b) using the Pollfish “opt out section” available on Pollfish website . We invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.

APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THE DRAWS. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES.
    